home life was amazing of course of course like any any family you know
my family went through some rough patches you know we have some deaths
in the family that there because like a huge ripple effect you know
throughout but at the same time we were family so you know we stuck
together and just kinda rode the wave out but it my childhood was
awesome my adolescence peered was also you know my adult life was
awesome every you know trial and tribulation that you go through he
just kind of look at as a learning experience and how to get better
better so I I have nothing but great memories and you know positive
things to say about the people that I grew up around in the people that
you know I had the experience to come in contact with because every
every once served as a a life lesson I learned a lesson you know
something that I could have some deposit I could've taken from that
period of time growing up and apply it to now to some more so in one
word it was also